docs: update ADR-005 on cryptographic equivocation verifcation (#1022)
cosmos/interchain-security: docs/docs/adrs/adr-005-cryptographic-equivocation-verification.md

- We cannot derive an infraction height from the evidence, so it is only possible to tombstone validators, not actually slash them.
  To explain the technical reasons behind this limitation, let's recap the initial [consumer initiated slashing logic](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc/blob/2aa283d4bc8b747cbb860c0f94389d7a62bb802b/spec/app/ics-028-cross-chain-validation/overview_and_basic_concepts.md#consumer-initiated-slashing). 
  In a nutshell, consumer heights are mapped to provider heights through `VSCPackets`, namely through the so called `vscIDs`. 
  When an infraction occurs on the consumer, a `SlashPacket` containing the `vscID` obtained from mapping the consumer infraction height is sent to the provider. 
  Upon receiving the packet, the provider maps the consumer infraction height to a local infraction height, which is used to slash the misbehaving validator. 

>   In the context of untrusted consumer chains, all their states, including `vscIDs`, could be corrupted and therefore cannot be used for slashing purposes.

Reviewer: Further, it would be ideal to completely eliminate the slash packets since we cannot trust them anyway.

- This only handles light client attacks, not double signing. In the future, we will add the code to also verify double signing.
- Since a special endpoint must be used to submit the evidence, the evidence is not automatically submitted by Hermes. In the future, we may make Hermes submit the evidence, or use a hook provided by IBC to run the code automatically when evidence is submitted to the IBC client. In the current state, someone will need to submit the evidence manually in the 3 weeks after a light client attack has occured.

> - We currently can't derive an infraction height from the evidence, so it is only possible to tombstone validators, not actually slash them. To explain the technical reasons behind this limitation, let's recap the initial consumer initiated slashing logic. In the previous implementation, Validator Set Update IDs (VSCIDs) were used to derive the infraction height from evidences. Each VSCID was mapped to a block height and stored on both the provider and consumer chains. When an infraction occurred on a consumer chain, a IBC slashing packet was sent to the provider chain along with a VSCID obtained from mapping the evidence's infraction height. Upon receiving the packet, the provider could derive its own local infraction height to execute the slashing. In the context of untrusted consumer chains, all their states, including VSCIDs, could be corrupted and therefore cannot be used for slashing purposes. To address this, we explored a solution using the IBC misbehavior type, which includes the validator set active during the light client attack.By mapping each validator set hash to a block height, the provider would be able to derive an infraction height from an evidence again. However, this solution fails to consider that non-consecutive blocks can have the exact same validator set. In this scenario the validator set hashes would be identical for different unique block height making the mapping obsolete.

Reviewer 2: nit: split into multiple lines to make reviewing easier

> - We currently can't derive an infraction height from the evidence, so it is only possible to tombstone validators, not actually slash them. To explain the technical reasons behind this limitation, let's recap the initial consumer initiated slashing logic. In the previous implementation, Validator Set Update IDs (VSCIDs) were used to derive the infraction height from evidences. Each VSCID was mapped to a block height and stored on both the provider and consumer chains. When an infraction occurred on a consumer chain, a IBC slashing packet was sent to the provider chain along with a VSCID obtained from mapping the evidence's infraction height. Upon receiving the packet, the provider could derive its own local infraction height to execute the slashing. In the context of untrusted consumer chains, all their states, including VSCIDs, could be corrupted and therefore cannot be used for slashing purposes. To address this, we explored a solution using the IBC misbehavior type, which includes the validator set active during the light client attack.By mapping each validator set hash to a block height, the provider would be able to derive an infraction height from an evidence again. However, this solution fails to consider that non-consecutive blocks can have the exact same validator set. In this scenario the validator set hashes would be identical for different unique block height making the mapping obsolete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We cannot derive an infraction height from the evidence, so it is only possible to tombstone validators, not actually slash them.
  To explain the technical reasons behind this limitation, let's recap the initial [consumer initiated slashing logic](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc/blob/2aa283d4bc8b747cbb860c0f94389d7a62bb802b/spec/app/ics-028-cross-chain-validation/overview_and_basic_concepts.md#consumer-initiated-slashing). 
  In a nutshell, consumer heights are mapped to provider heights through `VSCPackets`, namely through the so called `vscIDs`. 
  When an infraction occurs on the consumer, a `SlashPacket` containing the `vscID` obtained from mapping the consumer infraction height is sent to the provider. 
  Upon receiving the packet, the provider maps the consumer infraction height to a local infraction height, which is used to slash the misbehaving validator. 
  In the context of untrusted consumer chains, all their states, including `vscIDs`, could be corrupted and therefore cannot be used for slashing purposes.
```

Reviewer 2: I would drop the proposed solution to this 3rd limitation from this ADR as it doesn't work. The first iteration should just jail. Then, we can try to figure out a way how to enable slashing. Could you please open an issue stating the problem and add this proposed solution there as a point to start. The issue should be tracked by https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/issues/732
